# Medical Representative

We are looking for a persuasive Medical Representative to promote and sell company medications to doctors, pharmacists, and other relevant healthcare professionals. The Medical Representative’s responsibilities include persuading potential customers to purchase company medications, identifying prospective business opportunities for the company, and providing the relevant departments with customer feedback. You should also be able to attend company meetings and training sessions.

To be successful as a Medical Representative, you should be able to demonstrate excellent customer service skills and build rapport with potential customers. Ultimately, an outstanding Medical Representative should be able to continually meet or exceed the company's sales targets.

## Responsibilities

* Selling the company's medications to doctors, pharmacists, and other relevant healthcare professionals.

* Scheduling appointments with doctors, pharmacists, and other healthcare professionals to promote company medications.

* Developing an in-depth understanding of company medications.

* Building and maintaining good business relationships with customers to encourage repeat purchases.

* Following up on leads generated by the company.

* Preparing presentations for potential customers.

* Researching competitor’s medications and their respective market performances.

* Keeping abreast of new developments in the medical field to determine the effect of such developments on the company's business strategies.

## Requirements

* Bachelor's degree in Nursing, Pharmacy, Life Sciences, or related field.

* Proven medical sales experience.

* Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, and PowerPoint.

* Valid driver's license.

* Strong negotiation skills.

* Excellent organizational skills.

* Effective communication skills.

* Exceptional customer service skills.

* Persuasive and resilient.

