# Web Analyst

We are looking for an enthusiastic, detail-oriented Web Analyst to help create data-driven marketing solutions. The Web Analyst's responsibilities include thoroughly analyzing a website's design, generating insightful analytics to help better understand its users, and reporting back with easy-to-understand data visualizations and clear solutions.

To be successful as a Web Analyst, you should keep your finger on the pulse of trends in online design and marketing. The best Web Analysts use their genius understanding of data to transform websites, helping them to become more useful, beautiful, and powerful.

## Responsibilities

* Using a variety of tools to extract and analyze data generated by online user activity.

* Reporting your findings with data visualizations that are easy to understand.

* Communicating insights and providing solutions that have demonstrable results.

* Working with web development and marketing teams to implement your solutions.

* Understanding the behavior and expectations of online visitors.

* Staying up to date with the latest trends in online marketing and design.

## Requirements

* Bachelor's degree in Marketing, Statistics, Computer Science or other related field.

* Previous data mining and analysis experience.

* Familiarity with major web analytics tools, such as Google Analytics and Salesforce.

* Strong verbal and visual communication skills to present and explain insights.

* Excellent attention to detail and accuracy.

* Ability to work effectively with different people in engineering, marketing and creative fields.

